add some more note about ipv6 support of docker networking in the start docs (#20582)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/start/quick-start/run-envoy.rst

Envoy can be configured to log to :ref:`different formats <config_access_log>`, and to
:ref:`different outputs <api-v3_config_accesslog>` in addition to files and ``stdout/err``.

Envoy networking
----------------

> By default Envoy can use both IPv4 and IPv6 networks. If your environment does not support IPv6 you should disable it.

Reviewer: can we give this better spacing - as in the suggestion i posted

(a separating empty line is required to get a new line)

Author: done.

Envoy can be configured to log to :ref:`different formats <config_access_log>`, and to
:ref:`different outputs <api-v3_config_accesslog>` in addition to files and ``stdout/err``.

Envoy networking
----------------

By default Envoy can use both IPv4 and IPv6 networks.

If your environment does not support IPv6 you should disable it.

This may be the case when using Docker on a non-linux host (see here for more information regarding

> `IPv6 support in Docker <https://docs.docker.com/config/daemon/ipv6/>`_.

Reviewer: nit: missing closing bracket

Author: sorry for this oversight.

.. tip::

   See ``ALL_LOGGER_IDS`` in :repo:`logger.h </source/common/common/logger.h#L29>` for a list of components.

> Reminder on docker networking

Reviewer: i think we need to rename this to something more like "Envoy networking"

Reviewer: Also lets move it above the debugging section

-----------------------------

> In some environments, IPv6 is not supported by the docker networking. If you are running Envoy with any demo
> configurations, please set ``dns_lookup_family`` of cluster to the ``V4_ONLY`` just like following example.
> See `docker docs <https://docs.docker.com/config/daemon/ipv6/>`_ for more information about the IPv6 support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Envoy can use both IPv4 and IPv6 networks.

If your environment does not support ipv6 you should disable it.

This may be the case when using Docker on a non-linux host (see `here for more information regarding IPv6 support in Docker <https://docs.docker.com/config/daemon/ipv6/>`_.

You can disable IPv6 by setting the ``dns_lookup_family`` to ``V4_ONLY`` in your configuration as follows:

```

.. literalinclude:: _include/envoy-demo.yaml
   :language: yaml

>    :lines: 34-46

Reviewer: i think add the following to the example include

```rst
    :linenos:
    :line-start: 34
    :emphasize-lines: 4
    :caption: :download:`envoy-demo.yaml <_include/envoy-demo.yaml>`
```

Not sure the values are correct here - hopefully

Author: I can try it locally.
